the 13 inch variant of macbook air the
hardest has a maximum thickness of 17
centimeters while it is here from above
is going 32 5 inches wide and 22.7
centimeters deep and all at one
weight of 135 kilograms
so that you get the size of macbook air
in the 13 inch version even better
I have an acer here
aspire one with 10 1 inch from the
dug and looks here
huge difference in height from the side
pretty good
the screen the macbook is here with
13 inches is much larger than the
acer aspire one with 10 1 and the point
with the buttons gaps on the me
will go into detail later
this animal is bigger than the macbook
despite the low altitude over
some connections
you have the sd on the very left
card slot next to a usb 3
connection and another
Thunderbolt connection is used
to connect displays
one knows this connection now
maybe not necessarily there is
matching adapters convert this one here
For example, from thunderbolt I can
he always converts too
vga something you should then on each
set case
on the left side of the macbook air has
one more connections for a
magsafe two mains cool at the
is that when I load the card here
Insert the time that one sees that the
Magnetic field I do not use a single cable
simply drag so up and out and
nothing happens next to it
USB port the second of total
2 1 am mikro he next to an audio output
the one with the normal apple headphones
insofar as it is compatible that one too
the volume can regulate
or next to two microphones that
macbook air also features wireless
There are no connections here
especially exciting to film
that 's why i just show you on the
apple-website times here just wlan quite
normally has no lan connection and
still bluetooth 4.0 what you see here
can is the keyboard of macbook air
in the dark
the cool thing about it, of course
adjustable key light up here
the buttons are so on now
the maximum brightness and can it
then downshift continuously
I personally think keyboard very much
pleasant one has the normal width
between the keys so not like the
make up like netbooks that one here
another one gropes larger and first
awkward to get used to this
complete standard accordingly one man
can be good ten finger system here
on writing contribution can be
In addition, very well recognize that here
only very small gaps next to the buttons
are therefore hardly any dirt get inside
can
at normal with most notebooks
I know there are major gaps here
which then really crumbles it possible
make it under the keys to come and there
any sabotage actions
perform
there's no macbook here
If you have otherwise the normal
buttons up there are these diverse
Function keys for music for example
as you can see here
volume and turn off that the
Lawyer button directly into the keyboard
I like that
personally very good next
I to trackpad the trackpad is
completely multitouchfähig I can here
different gestures with several fingers
do
zoom everything possible I think
quite cool that even this pressure button
you usually are down here
would expect that everywhere
I is available can therefore so if am
I'm using my music on the mac
move and then just here
to press
we totally wolf the button it
I find it so pleasant everywhere
otherwise multitouch very class with the
many available gestures the one
in the settings can look
I find that extremely pleasant
close the macbook air
one has one here continuously
consistent resistance and can do that
macbook so synonymous you can do it
With a hand on you have to make it down
the main body is not the macbook
hold down
I find that very convenient as it is
then about and as I said just this
on equal resistance a word
still to the battery of the manufacturer applies
the on the website with up to 12
hours of surfing in the wifi
one knows that so often that the
manufacturer write twelve hours on it
In fact , then a quarter of it stops
or so in the case I have then
not another experience twelve hours the
fit very well maybe a bit
less like eight hours or so wirelessly
depends then just from the
screen brightness from 30 days standby
here is still inaccurate capacity with
54 watts hours so a very good battery
disadvantage, of course, that the battery
can not exchange yourself
the bottom is completely there you can
itself not so easy
There's no such a battery the man
can expand or something
the startup speed of the macbook air
thanks to the ssd is very fast like me
press attention now we get up
the beautiful welcome stone the in
mondovi can not turn off
good that is not pure hardware now
test more that is of course
software specific but now i can
Sign up for me so extremely
performant so still a sentence to the camera
you can see them up here in the middle
nicely centered right next to it
small led indicating whether the camera
I'm active, I'll just show you
for example a picture in the dark or by
example picture that under better
light conditions was recorded
So that you get a picture of the quality
can do